hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
so this week at work I've had a very
busy work week I can't do a regular
video I just don't have time to film and
edit a regular video so I thought I
would do kind of like a filler video but
a lot of people have been asking for
this so here it is the office slash set
up tour yeah so I'm going to use the
camera on the LG g4 just so I can kind
of move around and show what goes on and
yeah let's do it
so the first thing I want to show you is
the lighting people often ask me what
kind of lights I use for my videos and
it's three very large windows that I'm
able to use to get just very
natural-looking lighting as well I get
it for free now the thing that sucks
about this kind of lighting is that I'm
very dependent on good weather if I
don't have good weather I can't shoot
and if it's like slightly cloudy or if
like clouds go by in the middle of a
video I get weird like white balance and
just exposure changes throughout a shot
so I have to kind of deal with that the
camera that I use is a Panasonic gh4 so
this is a very common camera in the tech
youtuber world the lens I'm using is
also very common it's the Sigma 1835
with a meta bone so this lens I recently
picked up used most of my videos have
been shot with a different lens which
I'll show you later the camera is that
you know what I should stop the
recording here okay the camera is
sitting in a ho new v2 cage so most
cages are for like accessories just kind
of put like monitors or external mics or
whatever I don't have any accessories I
just use it for the top handle because I
find a lot more comfortable to kind of
hold and control a camera with a top
handle so this just used to be a piece
of metal like a rod and I wrapped it up
with bike grip tape just lets a little
more comfortable
the camera sitting on a s4 like a Benro
video head it's pretty standard video
head there's nothing I dislike or really
liked about it sitting on a edelkrone
slider so this is a slider that slides a
lot further than its footprint would
have you believe it's a very good slider
but I haven't had a chance to use it
much I try not to use too many slider
shots I think one of my earlier videos I
used way too many slider shots and
people kind of ripped me for it so I've
been hesitant to use too many it's
sitting on a Ben row tripod I don't know
the model number now as for why I went
with Ben row instead of another company
like Manfrotto it's only because of the
color that's it okay this is a Fat Boy
beanbag it's been in the office forever
I used to remove it for shoots but I've
noticed that the audio quality is better
when I leave it in because it kind of
helps like so if you notice this is all
hardwood floor and the sound echoes a
lot in this room if I leave this in here
it kind of helps dampen the sound and
just kind of gives a better audio
quality for recordings this is a video
editing PC that I set up so this is an X
99 system EVGA x9 micro GTX 980 32 gigs
of ram the chip that's in there right
now is a 10 core server chip from until
I think it's a 5 to 6 8 7 version 3 it
used to have a 6 core the 5820 but I put
in a 10 core chip recently just to kind
of see how it would compare against a 10
core Mac for just premiere and how do
you find After Effects and yeah in case
you're curious the Mac is a little bit
faster even just listening at the higher
clock speed
there's nothing in here of importance
really well this is the 6 quart trip
that used to be in there 2:58 20 and I
really should have opened these before I
started filming ok this is the 14
millimeter 2.5 prime lens so this is
what I've shot like most of my videos
with until recently when I picked up the
Sigma lens this is a very good lense
it's inexpensive I think it's like 250
$300 good lens these drawers are filled
with files it's just like office files
pretty boring stuff like boxes and why
not this ps4 Batman ps4 so this is an LG
if it can focus an LG 31 mu 97 which is
their 4k like a true 4k screen so this
is like 4 0 9 6 by 2160 I prefer this
monitor more than the one I'm using
right now but this one doesn't play well
with the Mac Pro so right now I'm
leaving it here with ps4 and the PC the
headphones here are I don't even
thinking get these anymore they're older
MDR v700 they're really bass heavy but
they sound good
ok so this is the notebook that I use
for like most of my work if I'm not
video editing I'm using this thing I
prefer using a notebook over most things
just for the portability to be able to
like just work wherever whatever keys
wallet oh this is a wallet company from
Canada called cards staff at IKEA so
they just put like pieces of aluminum
and a silicon band that kind of keeps
your wallet small it's kind of cool this
is a charging station that I just kind
of put all the battery chargers and put
them in there why am I even showing you
this looks pretty boring stuff ok
this is a mic so the way I record my
audio is I'll put it here and I will
record I just kind of like you guys see
the camera so just the mic will be just
out of the frame and I'll kind of talk
like that in front of it so this mic is
I think it's like a knockoff of some
audio technica mic I don't know it's
unbranded it's just like some cheap
Asian knockoff I'm sure but yeah I mean
it sounds good so I'll just continue to
use it and it's sitting on a Ben row
carbon mono pod the model number is
right there see 48 TD okay these are
this is the bag i normally use like for
95% of my stuff this is a bag i use when
i have to carry like multiple notebooks
around just because they fit better in
there than in here i only started using
this though like if I have to bring
notebooks to my home to kind of fill
them and stuff like that and that's some
stuff I have to review this is a poster
that I designed when I was younger I
thought it was super cool brought it to
work like I got a printed got it to work
I brought it to work and no one thought
it was cool so well but I like it so it
stays there
okay so this is a Herman Miller mira
mira - I think it's called a super
comfortable chair I like it it looks
weird I would say it borders on looking
ugly but it's very comfortable so I like
it
- logitech TK 820 keyboard Logitech
performance MX mouse so I used to have
the Logitech master MX up until like a
week ago it was having issues I sent it
back to Logitech they are they're doing
a refurb or they're repairing it we'll
see but
it was having weird glitchy issues which
this thing still has but whatever that's
just the nature of where I list mice
audio engine a2 plus speakers pop in
hardcover blue books I think the color
is called pool blue it's a USB hub that
I cut the rubber stand from the speakers
just kind of like hide the wire because
nobody likes wires right this is a Mac
Pro the inside has been color weird
there's more I'll probably do a video on
that and some other color order stuff
shortly specs of this thing it's 10 core
three gigahertz 64 gigs of RAM and a
pair of d700 okay over here some phones
so a a C's 7.2 Nexus 6 in a cool orange
Moto X 2014 and iPhone 6 these are all
deep burn skins this is the phone that
you guys are most familiar with I use
this a lot in my notebook audio tests
and stuff like that reason for that is
this I'm not sure if it to the mic or
the position of the mic or like what it
is but this thing has a very accurate
sound meter very accurate in terms of
like comparing it to an actual
professional decibel meter this thing is
almost identical in numbers so I
continue to use this for those videos
so this is the action module for the edo
crone this thing plugs up to the slider
and you get just automated slides so you
can kind of control your speed and your
acceleration and just get better control
and just meant much smoother slider
shots if you do it electronically this
is the Fleur one so this is like the
thermal camera I use first notebook he
had put this is some pretty boring stuff
in here
it was the spider I used for like
monitor calibration or just color
accuracy this is an AC 8 or a PowerBar
that I use I don't looks like very
unassuming and not very special
but these 5 ports out here they push out
more amperage than any other port so I
think these things go up to 3 amps I'm
not even sure if it's legal because if
you look at the literature on it just as
it goes up to 2.4 but these definitely
go above 2.4 so you can quick charge
like multiple devices very quickly off
of this thing it's a pretty good Mouse
and use for games uh either LED lights I
try not to use lights but if I have to
like for product shots it's like a rainy
day and I just can't get enough lighting
for product shots I use those they're
just LED lights but in general I just
try to use natural lighting for
everything this is a focusrite scarlett
2i2 it normally comes in red but they
were awesome and made me one in blue
this is well audio technica m50x these
are very ubiquitous everyone knows what
those are so I don't like editing with
these things they honestly sound too
good
they kind of give you a false perception
of what your audio sounds like for
people that don't have awesome
headphones or speakers so I try to use
something like crappier than these for
editing the table so this is I get asked
this a lot this is a drafting tape
from Japan it's really old from like the
1980s or something
it's I mean a drafting table it's just a
regular table but you can kind of tilt
it so right now it's flat and you can
manually tilt it so that it comes up on
an angle it's not for like architecture
or just like doing design work and stuff
like that so we have a bunch of these in
the office I chose this one because it's
gray and yeah I think the gray works
well with my stuff but for someone who
loves tech I try to keep as few things
as possible I mean I try to have as
little equipment and as little gear as
possible because I'm not into that I
don't want to have like a whole bunch of
gadgets and gizmos and stuff like that
it's just not me I like to keep myself
simple I like to keep myself light if
you have any questions or comments you
can always use the comment section below
but I'm also going to be doing a Twitter
post so if you guys have any questions
about my channel in general or about me
or about this video go to Twitter and
just look for the hashtag ask Dave 2d
and just follow me on Twitter and just
if you have any questions asking there
because next week
I will probably be doing a video where I
answer a bunch of questions that you
guys have so I hope you guys enjoyed
this video it's been nice I'll see you
guys next time